The most important piece of counseling that you can hear is that you have
to listen. There have been so many times that I've actually witnessed,
um, counseling sessions that go on where the person that was
giving the counseling was speaking a lot more than the person being
counseled. Um, whenever I've seen it, I've I've kind of explained, you
know, like, hey, you know what? Like it's a it's a listening session.
You can give them the tools. Hey, they wanna be an officer. Fine.
Give them the material. Hey, they want to win an award. Okay, tell
them what it takes to get that award. But for the most part, counseling
is kind of It is a back and forth session, but it's also an opportunity
for the person being counseled. Toe let go of some of the
things that were on their minds. Um, if it's for a positive award, um,
let them explain things to you so that you can take material toe.
Take notes on how you can help them get that award. If it's a behavioral
counseling session, then let them explain their story to make
sure that you have all information. So that You know that you're not
mistreating them so that you have the full story, that, uh, so that
so that they feel that they've been they've had their full story heard
and that you can that the justice will be fair.